ADS-2818: Add documentation for increasing product limit in CMP (#12)
supercid/wiki-docs: addons/cmp/guides/product-limit.md

## Products limit per page

> The module has a limit of 250 products per page. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The module limits maximum products fetched from Nosto to 250 by default. 
```
